Well now that we have are seen fairly well arranged here I mean we hit the Zeek here to go to wireframe
we've got the basic lay out down we've got some textures on it.
We've imported it into unity to kind of get a sense of how it feels and whether or not it's going to
work.
I think now we can begin cranking out the assets filling up the space and kind of giving it a sense
that it's lived in.
So what we need to do is just begin working on creating more the objects in the room.
I think the next one I want to create is an old TV love.
I love these old TVs here let me go to my finder here and bring this up.
I think I want to add one of these.
So something like this one of these old TVs that you know doesn't work anymore.
Right.
I get the sense that these are guys who live in this apartment just moved in.
And it was already furnished with old junky furniture that had been there for decades.
So my sense is this TV is in there is in the apartment but it doesn't work it's just a piece of junk
that they haven't thrown out.
You know that they just live with because they have other concerns.
So I want to model this as I think about it.
I think it's going to be several different materials so as you begin modeling Now think back to the
way we set up our objects and materials the different ways we did that and begin planning ahead for
what you want to do as you create new objects.
So for this I think what I want to do is create the main wood piece as one object and one material.
I want to create this frame here as another material.
It can be the same object joined together.
But I think it needs to be another material from the wood grain because the woods are going to be different
shiny ness a different roughness than this part here.
And I think the TV screen the the actual tube screen here needs to be pretty reflective So I think I
want this to be yet another material perhaps even another object.
And then these here these knobs and plate need to be its own material.
And then this down here and the screen here needs to be there room materials so they can accept the
texture.
Now I've got some textures here that I've found that I want to use.
So here's that speaker fabric.
I like this.
I'm going to use that on the TV here.
Now let me just open this and open this.
There we go so we can see them at the same time.
So I want to use this fabric here.
I think that will work pretty well.
And I want to use this name plate.
You can just kind of see that it's pretty small but I think I can use it.
I want to use this name plate right down here.
I know I'm going to need several different materials.
The question is is do I need or want several different objects.
Will See I kind of get the sense that maybe this whole frame this whole box of the television will be
one object and this screen will be another object.
We'll see.
And of course we should probably make the U-V map all one U-V texture all one texture map so everything
that needs to go on here.
Everything that needs to be U-V map should be all on one texture map.
Even though we have multiple materials and maybe even multiple objects.
So let's start with a clean layer or maybe take the objects in these layers here and just hit the A.E.
to select them all and just move them over to Lehre to all hit em and 2 and that will move them over
to here.
Now I have them all on these layers so now I can you say this layer here I'll bring in an image of that
television I'll come over here and click on this little tab right here drag down create a new window
and let's switch it to a U.V. image editor right here click open and I'll go find that reference image
I have here it is right in here.
There we go.
So this is what we're going to be working on.
So to begin with It looks like we need a cube right.
Let's go ahead and create a cube over here and see if we can scale this to an approximate size.
I'll swing around here and let's s x and scale out in the X just a bit.
Something like that.
Maybe we don't need it quite as tall a press S and Z and scale it down just a bit.
And does it need to be quite that deep.
They are pretty deep.
Let's go ahead scaling just a bit.
So there's kind of the general shape of the object.
Now if we look here we've got some areas that we need to block out with Edge loops so we need some edge
loops along in here.
We need some edge loops up and down right through here.
And it looks like there's a little bit of a ridge around the front here as well so we're probably going
to need edge loops there.
Let's begin with those front ridges Alt-Tab and edit mode press control are and all scroll the mouse
wheel and create two edges.
There two edge loops all hit s and Z and scale those up.
So they come close to the edges there and I'll do the same thing for the vertical edges and S and X
and scale out to here let's say.
Now let's get to these edges here.
We probably need one write in here
something like this perhaps another write in here.
Let's get a couple more edges for this part here.
Let's go with control are and maybe two more edge loops in scale those in the Z till we get to about
here let's say.
So I think what I'll do is grab these faces in the center here I'll press the C key for the circle select
tool and just click and drag and slide.
These faces here.
I just want to extrude and I'll hit me and drag in just a bit to get those edges on the front that will
work there.
Now it looks like this piece pushes in a little bit.
So maybe these three now can push in just a hair more.
No maybe just this one here.
Yeah I think just that one there I'll hit and push in just a little more.
There we go.
Now for that frame around the tube what we can do is just use this piece right here.
I'm going to split this out into its own object for now so that if I need to insert edge loops or do
anything to it I won't extend those edge loops out to the other part of the object.
I want to just isolate what I'm doing to this particular piece.
So with this face selected I'll hit the P key and I will separate it out by selection.
Now if I tab back into object mode and just select that one piece I can tab into edit mode.
And here is that face.
So now I can hit E and extrude in all scale in a bit like so now I've got duplicate faces in here I'm
going to go ahead and delete these I want to hit X and faces and again x and faces.
Now I can grab these edges here with Allt click.
Now I have that edge and here's that edge right here.
Now I can extrude that in a bit.
I'll hit the and click and then I'll drag in some like that and it looks like it's scales in just a
hair like this.
There we go.
And then I'll extrude and again hit the and I'll hit s and scale in and now we've got this kind of curved
area here and this is what I meant about those edges.
I want to be able to insert edge loops to get this kind of curve without extending them all the way
around the object.
So I'm just going to do say three edge loops here.
And I'll do the same thing over here like that.
And now I can begin to bring these things in.
So let's say I grab this edge in this hedge and I'll scale it in the X and here we go.
And let's say Now I do this point and this point this vertex and this vertex and scale those in just
a bit and we go.
Now we're just kind of getting that rounded featured there.
And maybe I can even select these edges and pull them back just a bit like this.
Something like that.
All right.
Let's give that a try for now.
We can smooth this.
I'll come over here to tools and smooth and see how that looks.
That looks OK.
I can flatten the edges all the way around this.
If I go back to face mode and click between two of the faces to select that whole face loop.
Now here in edit mode I can go to shading Uvas and just hit flat for the faces there and now it will
differentiate that a little bit from the smooth part.
There I think I do want to bring this out a bit like this and then grab that edge and extrude it back
just to separate it from the wood part of the television I'll hit E and then pull that back a bit and
we go just so we can see a little bit of an edge there.
All right.
I think I'd also like to see more of a beveled edge along here.
Now where we would be adding a fair amount of polygons to this but I'd like to try and see how it looks.
So if I Allt click this edge shift or click this yes and this lets try and bevel this.
Now using bevel you need to think about your transforms applying your transforms in the same way we
did when we're U-V mapping.
So if I hit the N key and come over here an object you can see that my scale is nonuniform that's going
to be a problem once again with our bevelling.
So I'll hit control a and choose scale.
And now with these edges selected I'll press control B.
Hold the shift key down to move the mouse very slowly you know kind of expand this out and I'll give
it maybe one or two segments.
There we go.
All right so now we have that beveled edge there that looks kind of nice.
I also want to take this edge on the inside and I want to pull those in just a bit just a little bit
like this something like that.
All right.
Let's take this edge here and just extrude this in I'll hit the and then pull it in a bit like that
and then we go.
So now we need to add our television tube and our plates here with our knobs and in the next video we'll
continue working on that.